---
title: "My Projects"
color: white
fa-icon: pencil
---

<div class="w3-row">
  
  <div class="w3-col s4 w3-green w3-center">
    <p>Quantum Information and Computing: This was the subject I took for the Summer of Science 2020 initiative of the MnP Club IIT Bombay. My main reference for this was *Quantum Computation and Quantum Information* by Michael A. Nielsen & Isaac L. Chuang. I got to learn the basic principles of Quantum information and also the implementation of some important algorithms like the fast fourier transform and the quantum search algorithm which have a very wide range of applications in speeding up various classical algorithms using their different approach. You can find this described in detail in my report [here](). I also took part in the IBM Quantum Challenge and got to learn how to use qiskit and was able to complete the challenge. You can find my repository for it [here](https://github.com/mahadevans2432/IBM-Quantum-Challenge).
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="w3-col s4 w3-dark-grey w3-center"><p>Literature review of measurement theory in quantum mechanics: This is an ongoing project which I am doing under [Prof. Amber Jain](http://ether.chem.iitb.ac.in/people/Faculty/prof/ajain.html) as the Summer Undergraduate Research Project. We are currently reading literature concerning different interpretations of quantum mechanics including Bohmian Mechanics and the Many Worlds Interpretation and also some interesting gedanken experiments which propose a method for differentiating between these interpretations in terms of measurement situations.
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="w3-col s4 w3-red w3-center"><p>Neural Network for identifying diseases in apple leaves: This is the ongoing project for the Institute Technical Summer Project in which our team is building a tensorflow model which would look at a dataset of images of the leaves of apple trees. The model is built using transfer learning and we also used image augmentation. This was actually part of a [kaggle competition](https://www.kaggle.com/c/plant-pathology-2020-fgvc7/overview) and we obtained our data from there. The teams repository is available [here](https://github.com/Leaf-Scrutiny-Department) and this is the [website of the project](yet to make).
    </p>
  </div>

</div>
